Homework4 consists of 2 mini projects.
The first project is called "part1.py". The code demonstrates the PageRank algorithm that was originally used by search engines like google to rank webpages by its importance. It works by counting the number and quality of links to a page to determine a rough estimate of the website’s importance. This code provides an example using a matrix where the columns and rows represents the pages ("Page A", "Page B", ... , "Page F"). It is a 6*6 matrix where a value of suggests there is a link between the row and column and 0 represents no links between them. For example row 3 represents Page C and column 4 represnts Page D so (3,4) and (4,3) represnts if there is a link between them. 
The matrix can be altered to show differnt links between pages. 
In the code array "r" represents the rank of the pages. "r" is updated through the r' function until the difference between consecutive ranks is less than the threshold (1e-6). The final rank should be normalized and compared to the eigenvector of the normalized intial matrix corresponding to the largest eigenvalue. Whne alpha equals 1 in the r' function, the final normalized r should equal the eigenvector of the normalized intial matrix corresponding to the largest eigenvalue.

The second project consists of a module "conway.p" and script "game_of_life.py". The game of life is a zero player game where the output is a gif that depends on the input matrix or pattern. The gif is a grid where the white boxes represents cells that are alive and the black boxes represents cells that are dead. The evolve function in conway.p describes the rules of the games that determines whther a cell lives or dies based on how many neigbors it has. In order to run this script you will have to put a command line such as game_of_life k where k is the number of iterations. The script uses the glider pattern and places it on a 20 by 20 grid. It follows the evolve function and returns a new grid. The k is the command line shows how many times the evolve function needs to run to get the final output. In the code, we create an aimation of this game where we combine images of the grid of every 10th step of the evolve function. 
